We Don't Talk Anymore - Charlie Puth/Selena Gomez
Written by£ºJacob Kasher/Charlie Puth/Hindlin/Selena Gomez
Charlie£ºWe don't talk anymore we don't talk anymore
We don't talk anymore like we used to do
We don't love anymore
What was all of it for
Oh we don't talk anymore like we used to do
I just heard you found the one you've been looking
You've been looking for
[00:29.35]
I wish I would have known that wasn't me
'Cause even after all this time I still wonder
[00:36.18]
Why I can't move on
[00:38.99]
Just the way you did so easily
[00:42.57]
Don't wanna know
What kind of dress you're wearing tonight
If he's holding onto you so tight
The way I did before
[00:52.23]
I overdosed
Should've known your love was a game
Now I can't get you out of my brain
Oh it's such a shame
We don't talk anymore We don't talk anymore
We don't talk anymore like we used to do
We don't love anymore
What was all of it for
Oh we don't talk anymore like we used to do
Selena£ºI just hope you're lying next to somebody
Who knows how to love you like me
There must be a good reason that you're gone
Every now and then I think you
Might want me to come show up at your door
[01:36.45]
But I'm just too afraid that I'll be wrong
Don't wanna know
If you're looking into her eyes
If she's holding onto you so tight the way I did before
I overdosed
Should've known your love was a game
Now I can't get you out of my brain
Oh it's such a shame
Charlie£ºWe don't talk anymore
[02:01.56]
We don't talk anymore
[02:03.95]
We don't talk anymore like we used to do
We don't love anymore
[02:11.12]
What was all of it for
[02:13.77]
Oh we don't talk anymore like we used to do
[02:18.50]
Like we used to do
Don't wanna know
What kind of dress you're wearing tonight
If he's holding onto you so tight
The way I did before
[02:47.67]
I overdosed
Should've known your love was a game
Now I can't get you out of my brain
Oh it's such a shame
We don't talk anymore We don't talk anymore
We don't talk anymore like we used to do
We don't love anymore
What was all of it for
Oh we don't talk anymore like we used to do
We don't talk anymore
What kind of dress you're wearing tonight
If he's holding onto you so tight
The way I did before
I overdosed
Should've known your love was a game
Now I can't get you out of my brain
Oh it's such a shame
We don't talk anymore
[al:We Don't Talk Anymore (Lash Remix)]